---
title: "014 - Halloween Take Two"
date: 2021-06-26T15:14:03-06:00
draft: false
tags: ["dick grayson", "jason todd", "damian wayne", "alfred pennyworth"]
---

__Dick:__ That is NOT funny, you two.

__Jason:__ Uh-oh, Damian. Dickybird has the grumps!

__Damian:__ I agree, Grayson. This isn't funny, it's scary. As per your instructions.

__Dick:__ You two dressing up as ZOMBIES for Halloween is just... tasteless!

__Jason:__ Boo. Hoo. Hoo. Also, it's very hurtful to use the word 'zombie'. Technically, we're, what? Re-animated corpses?

__Damian:__ Mm. I'm unfamiliar with the correct terminology.

__Jason:__ C'mon, Damian! You lived with a guy who constantly got brought back from the dead, right?

__Damian:__ *arches an eyebrow* So, you want me to call you 'grandfather'? Because that is what I had called him.

__Jason:__ Ewwwwah! Never call me that. Ew! Responsibility cooties!

__Dick:__ Can't you two pick different costumes? You'll upset Alfred!

__Damian:__ *sighs* Very well. Todd, if you go as Dr. Frankenstein, I'll be his monster.

__Jason:__ Ha! How come you get to be the monster, and not me?

__Damian:__ Because I have had all of my major organs replaced at least once, if not more times. Before I hit puberty.

__Jason:__ ...

__Dick:__ ...

__Jason:__ ...when did you hit puberty?

__Dick:__ Ugh! Why can't you guys wear something like what Tim has on?

__Jason:__ He's wearing a tiger onesie.

__Dick:__ It's adorable!

__Damian:__ tt. He's not wearing a costume, it's his pyjamas. He came downstairs looking for his laptop charger and fell asleep on the sofa.

__Dick:__ *slowly drags a hand down his face, muttering something under his breath*

__Alfred:__ Teaaaaaaa? Teaaaaaaaa, young maaasters?

__Dick:__ If I turn around, am I going to see Alfred dressed as a zombie, too?

__Jason:__ Mebbe.

__Damian:__ 'Zombie horde' is a group costume.
    
__Dick:__ *siiiiiiiighs* Have any extra makeup?

__Jason:__ Told ya, Babybat, Dick's a sucker for a group costume!